# resmind

```
                    8888888b.  8888888888 .d8888b.  888b     d888 8888888 888b    888 8888888b.  
                    888   Y88b 888       d88P  Y88b 8888b   d8888   888   8888b   888 888  "Y88b   
                    888    888 888       Y88b.      88888b.d88888   888   88888b  888 888    888 
 |--------------    888   d88P 8888888    "Y888b.   888Y88888P888   888   888Y88b 888 888    888    --------------|
 |--------------    8888888P"  888           "Y88b. 888 Y888P 888   888   888 Y88b888 888    888    --------------|
                    888 T88b   888             "888 888  Y8P  888   888   888  Y88888 888    888 
                    888  T88b  888       Y88b  d88P 888   "   888   888   888   Y8888 888  .d88P 
                    888   T88b 8888888888 "Y8888P"  888       888 8888888 888    Y888 8888888P"  
```



-> paudefuente (Founder, Developer and Mantainer) \
-> ...


<!-- Project situtation -->  <br />
# About the project
Resmind is a library with different scripts, utils, services and functions useful when doing research. 

The development of this library was initiated to address the need for automation of specific operations when conducting a systematic review in a tech field. Conducting this research has led to the realisation that certain steps or processes are very repetitive and can be automated to improve productivity and efficiency, and to make certain parts of the research less tedious.

<!-- Development process. Follow steps in order to use this library to develop other functionalities, applications, libraries, etc. --> <br/>
# Development

Development was initiated with the implementation of the research documentation in LaTeX, in the form of simple scripts. Recognising the value of creating a library that encapsulates useful functionalities for research purposes and facilitates reproducibility in other projects, the decision was taken to migrate all code to the library project, and to start developing different functionalities to apply in the projects.


For development use Poetry to manage the virtual environment automatically: 

```bash
poetry install
poetry shell
```

For testing production, we will use a virtual environment managed manually with virtualenv. Then install the dependencies utilising the file `requirements.txt` generated by Poetry.

```bash
python -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
poetry export -f requirements.txt --without-hashes -o requirements.txt
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Tools Used

- python -> python is the core programming language used for the development of resmind
- pipx -> Tool that enables the installation and execution of python applications in isolated environments. 
- poetry -> Tool for dependency management and packaging in Python, allowing to to declare the libraries the project depends on and will manage (install/update) them automatically without involving a developer.


<!-- Roadmap of the project --> <br/>
# Roadmap

The roadmap for this library is extense: ...




<!-- Contributing to the project --> <br/>
# Contributing

For contributing, see the contributing file in `./docs/` folder.


